so why do people reply to spam emails
you know I mean it's odd isn't it given
the fact that they are preposterous and
they are preposterous
I got your contacts for the South
African health officer in Ghana I find
out unlikely I need to move thousand
carats of polished diamond equally
unlikely no this transaction it's a
hundred percent risk-free and does not
attract any danger
commander Koroma funny isn't it I mean
this is ridiculous right and it's find
anyone would reply to it but if you
think about it this is actually rather
clever because by making the scams
ridiculous ideally for the scammer the
only people who are going to reply are
the most gullible people and me I said
I'm in then he told me to email live if
you law firm at your firms or code at UK
which is amazing email address they
should send me your phone number so I
gave them the phone number of Goldman
Sachs the bank I wanted him to think I
was richer publishing had done that
because the next few man I got there J
of each I'm not sure you are real at all
you give me phone numbers of Bank which
I call and they say that you were no
real they don't know you they even
advised me who I I'm an army
intelligence sort of thing I didn't know
what to say I said look there was never
a shred of doubt in my mind that I was
dealing with mentally how can I prove to
you that I'm real I mean how can you
prove the you're real in truth I've been
in industry so we are really yes what
are you sending me I forgot
I said the contents of this family of a
thousand karats of rough diamonds worth
7.5 million dollars you and I will use
it for investment in Europe I said
that's amazing what are we going to
invest I'm not much of a stock market
player myself but I've got a strong
hunch of it it's gonna be there kind of
a picture the consignment will going yes
I can boom enigma right then he said
send me your ID passport driver's
license or any any of your valid ID
[Applause]
it was browsers at the time Benny said
you will need to set up an account with
our bank and pay the fee this is quite
common like there he has multiple email
addresses he pretends like it's another
company I thought about I thought ok
I'll do that and I thought I'd throw
something into the mix just as he what
he did with it so I said look I'll set
up the new account with your bank
there's an offer of a free toaster on at
the moment and I've got my heart set on
it he said don't worry about getting a
toast so I'll be the first to that
Lenny's told me to contact this Bank now
the bank is masquerading as Royal Bank
of Scotland right but what I love is
their email address its info at Royal BX
which i think is further and then he
said don't delay I don't have much days
here on earth
I said wouldn't even know
I have not seen anybody there is more
unserious as you are even if I die soon
you have to look me with it
ticket I said see I had no idea we were
talking about your dad he said what were
you thinking I was talking about am I
going to mask he wears know who that was
at Osteria
he said sorry I mean Mars one of the
nine planets of the solar system
I just think if he doesn't know it's
going to be a shock I think I'm done
with this guy I'm going to send an email
to Royal BS right so I sent an email I
said look they're all Bank of Scotland
I'm writing to about some bling
leftenant commanded even me and a free
toaster you're giving me for opening the
account they go out came very quickly so
please send us a film account opening
four and there is no free poster Raja
Ramesh head of customer care
I thought these guys are good
dear customer care are you sure the line
that I was getting a free gift for
opening the account so the costumers do
you do he said there is no Bonanza going
on and that that did strike me as an odd
choice of words I think right what must
have happened is he must have looked
under work competition in his language
if Ana still in them which was Bonanza
but it still struck me as odd and then
he said and even if there was conditions
would apply I'll be honest that pissed
me off
because you cannot tell me the
conditions apply to a competition but I
literally just made up so what I think
if I opened up her Photoshop and I took
a day and I sent them something I made
in send them something so this is what I
said I said then how do you explain this
and this is a
three toaster we're getting new account
so stubborn and then check it out guide
no good lickin supply so get out of that
and he did he said that do not include
while Bank of Scotland world why I said
one of my options I could do with new
cat said we would appreciate it if you
can open up the skippd again because you
are getting
I said just because saying if I bring it
up again I won't get it if I don't bring
my will
are you just saying I won't get at all
please stop talking of a free toaster I
thought of almost done it right homeless
I'm always good tired of me just once
really wants to drive annoy them almost
as much as they annoy us I've done about
you for me that sounds like a broken man
do do this at home do do this at home I
mean don't use your own email address
it's of a fake email address but do you
this at home because not only do you
have a chance to stop them doing actual
damage but it's also a chance to have
fun to play that being said I thought
I'd offer bet I said of course our sharp
breath again you have my word what we
want from you is to do the right thing I
said I'm a search
please still be
[Applause]
Oh